# SwaggerClient::Systems1

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**system_id** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Unique system record identifier. | [optional] 
**policy** | **String** | [Read-only] RMF/DIACAP Policy identifier for the system record. | [optional] 
**registration_type** | **String** | Registration types parameters (assessAndAuthorize, assessOnly, guest, regular, functional, cloudServiceProvider.) | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | [Read-only] Name of the system record. | [optional] 
**acronym** | **String** | [Read-only] Acronym of the system record. | [optional] 
**system_owner** | **String** | [Read-only] Owning organization of the system record. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | [Read-only] Description of the system record. | [optional] 
**organization_name** | **String** | [Read-only] Name of the top-level component that owns the system (e.g. Navy, Air Force, Army, etc..). | [optional] 
**secondary_organization** | **String** | [Read-only] Secondary organization that owns the system record (i.e. Sub-Organization-level. | [optional] 
**version_release_no** | **String** | [Read-only] Version/Release Number of system record. | [optional] 
**system_type** | **String** | [Read-only] Type of the system record. RMF values include the following options (IS Major Application, IS Enclave, Platform IT System). DIACAP values include the following options (Platform IT, Interconnection, AIS Application) | [optional] 
**is_nss** | **BOOLEAN** | [Read-only] Is the system record a National Security System? | [optional] 
**is_public_facing** | **BOOLEAN** | [Read-only] Does the system record have a public facing component/presence. | [optional] 
**coams_id** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Corresponding Cyber Operational Attributes Management System (COAMS) identifier for the system record. | [optional] 
**ditpr_id** | **String** | [Read-only] DITPR ID of the system record. | [optional] 
**authorization_status** | **String** | [Read-only] Authorization Status of the system record.&lt;/br&gt;   RMF Values   &lt;ul&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Authority to Operate (ATO)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Authority to Operate with Conditions (ATO) w/Conditions)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Denied Authority to Operate (DATO)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Not Yet Authorized&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Decommissioned&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt;   DIACAP Values   &lt;ul&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Authority to Operate (ATO)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Interim Authority to Operate (IATO)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Interim Authority to Test (IATT)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Denied Authority to Operate (DATO)&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Unaccredited&lt;/li&gt;     &lt;li&gt;Decommissioned&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt;  | [optional] 
**authorization_date** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Authorization Date of the system record. | [optional] 
**authorization_termination_date** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Authorization Termination Date of the system record. | [optional] 
**authorization_length** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Length of system’s Authorization. Calculated based off of Authorization Date &amp; Authorization Termination Date. | [optional] 
**terms_for_auth** | **String** | [Read-only] Terms/Conditions for receiving and maintaining the system’s Authorization. Assigned by the Authorizing Official. | [optional] 
**security_plan_approval_status** | **String** | [Read-only] Status of the approval of the system’s RMF Security Plan. Values include the following options (Approved, Denied, Not Yet Approved). | [optional] 
**security_plan_approval_date** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Approval date of the system’s RMF Security Plan. | [optional] 
**mission_criticality** | **String** | [Read-only] Mission Criticality of the system record. Values include the following options (Mission Critical (MC), Mission Essential (ME), Mission Support (MS). | [optional] 
**governing_mission_area** | **String** | [Read-only] Governing Mission Area of the system record. Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Business MA (BMA)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;DoD portion of the Intelligence MA (DIMA)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Enterprise Information Environment MA (EIEMA)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Warfighting MA (WMA)&lt;/li&gt; | [optional] 
**geographical_association** | **String** | [Read-only] Geographical Association of the system record (VA only). | [optional] 
**system_ownership** | **String** | [Read-only] Ownership of the system record (VA only). | [optional] 
**primary_functional_area** | **String** | [Read-only] Primary functional area of the system record. Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Allies&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;CBRNE&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Civilian Personnel &amp; Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Command and Control&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Communications&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Communications Security (COMSEC)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Economic&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Environmental Security&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Facilities&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Finance&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Health/Medical&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Human Resources&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Information Management&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Inspector General&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Intelligence&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Logistics&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Military Personnel and Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Nuclear&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Operations&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Personnel and Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Procurement/Acquisition&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Reserve Components&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Scientific and Engineering&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Space and Weather&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Test and Evaluation&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Trainers&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Weapons&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Legal&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Transportation&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Not Applicable (N/A)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Integration and Testing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**secondary_functional_area** | **String** | [Read-only] Secondary functional area of the system record. Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Allies&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;CBRNE&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Civilian Personnel &amp; Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Command and Control&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Communications&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Communications Security (COMSEC)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Economic&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Environmental Security&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Facilities&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Finance&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Health/Medical&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Human Resources&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Information Management&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Inspector General&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Intelligence&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Logistics&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Military Personnel and Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Nuclear&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Nuclear, Chemical, and Biological&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Operations&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Personnel and Readiness&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Procurement/Acquisition&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Reserve Components&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Scientific and Engineering&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Space and Weather&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Test and Evaluation&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Trainers&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Weapons&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Legal&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Transportation&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Not Applicable (N/A)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Integration and Testing&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**primary_control_set** | **String** | [Read-only] Primary Control Set of the system record. RMF values include the following options (NIST SP 800-53 Revision 4), DIACAP values include the following options (DoDI 8500.2) | [optional] 
**confidentiality** | **String** | [Read-only] Confidentiality of the system record. RMF values include the following options (High, Moderate, Low) | [optional] 
**integrity** | **String** | [Read-only] Integrity of the system record. RMF values include the following options (High, Moderate, Low) | [optional] 
**availability** | **String** | [Read-only] Availability of the system record. RMF values include the following options (High, Moderate, Low) | [optional] 
**security_review_date** | **Integer** | [Read-only] Date the system record’s Annual Security Review was conducted. | [optional] 
**applied_overlays** | **String** | [Read-only] Overlays applied to the system record.&lt;br&gt; RMF Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Classified Information&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Privacy&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Cross Domain Solution (CDS)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Financial Management&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Intelligence&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Nuclear Command, Communication, Control Systems (NC3)&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Cloud Service Provider (CSP)&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**rmf_activity** | **String** | [Read-only] RMF Activity of the system record.&lt;br&gt; RMF Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Initiate and plan cybersecurity Assessment Authorization&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Implement and validate assigned security controls&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Make assessment determination and authorization decision&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Maintain ATO and conduct reviews&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Decommission&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; DIACAP Values include the following options: &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Initiate and plan C&amp;A&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Implement and validate assigned IA controls&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Make certification determination and accreditation decision&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Maintain ATO and conduct reviews&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;Decommission&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**cross_domain_ticket** | **String** | [Read-only] Cross Domain Tickets of the system record. | [optional] 

